Welcome back. In this lesson, I will show you how to connect OpenClaw to the x64 DBG MCP service we installed in the last lesson.
We will use the CMD line exe crackme from the list of practice crackme we downloaded previously.
Notice that CMD line crackme is 32-bit version. There is also the 64-bit version.
Note that every crackme has two versions, the 32-bit and the 64-bit versions.
For this lesson, we will use the 32-bit version using x32dbg.
First, we will open a CMD line terminal to run the CMD line 32-bit program.
It prompts the string enter password.
If you enter any wrong password, it will display the message wrong password.
Now, we will open it with x32dbg.
Right-click on x32dbg and run as administrator.
Click on the Log tab to check that the MCP server is listening successfully on port 50300.
Then, open the CMD line EXE program.
For options, preferences, uncheck everything except Entry Breakpoint.
Later, if you use the 64-bit version of x64dbg, you should also do the same.
Now, we will open another CMD line terminal to confirm that the x64 DBG server has really started
and is listening on port 50300 by using the netstat find string command I showed you in the previous lesson.
We will now check the agent smithers MCP server GitHub page for the correct MCP URL endpoint.
Note the correct endpoint format. We will let OpenClaw know this later so that it can look for it.
Now, we open telegram.
We create a new session using the command slash new.
Then go back to the cmd line terminal and take note of the url and port which is 0.0.0.0
with port 50300 which is different from the agent smithers github which mention 127.0.0.1.
In Telegram, we then type in our instructions to OpenClaw.
You can follow the same instructions that I use or come up with your own.
The important thing is to mention the URL port number and the SSE endpoint.
Notice OpenClaw is typing its response.
Now it replies to let you know what it has done.
Check to make sure it is actually using the MCP protocol communication to connect to the
x64dbg MCP service.
It now lists the available tools exposed by x64-dbg-mcp server, you then ask OpenCLAW if
it is using the recommended MCP communication protocol to talk to x64-dbg-mcp server.
Sometimes it may use its own method, which is non-standard, so we need to guide it since
this is the first time it is connecting to the x64-dbg-mcp server.
Next, we will test it by asking it to use the correct tool to get the name of the binary
which is open in x64dbg.
It replies giving the correct name of the binary which is loaded in x64dbg.
Next, we will ask OpenClaw to analyze a region of memory to understand the code there.
But before that, we will run the target program one more time to get the prompts and outputs.
We do this so that we can tell OpenClaw how the program behaves.
This context will help OpenClaw to better understand what we want it to do later.
So we run the CMD line exe program one more time and note the outputs.
Head back to Telegram and tell OpenClaw what happens when the target program runs.
Mention the prompt that you see and the error message that shows when the wrong password
is entered.
Go back to x64dbg and locate some address you want it to disassemble in order to understand
the control flow and to find the correct password.
It then responds by telling you what it will do.
After a while, it manages to identify the control flow logic and explains how the password
is validated.
I then ask it to check further the address of the string compare function.
It then managed to find the address of the arguments being passed to the string compare
function and that the second argument is a constant string.
This is most probably the location where the correct password is being stored.
I then asked it to identify the strings the function is comparing.
It replies saying it cannot reveal the secret string.
That is because of the built-in guardrail in the OpenAI model.
But that is okay.
We can still inspect the address directly to see the string. Openclaw has already done
a good job so far.
I ask it to inspect the data around the address of the string.
After a while, it confirms that it is a null terminated ascii string of 11 characters long
with 10 visible characters.
I then ask it to read the characters of the null terminated string.
Since it won't actually read that string to reveal the actual password, we could start
new session and ask openclaw to read that string at that address without telling it that it is a
password. This is one way to bypass the OpenAI guardrail. Alternatively, we could use another
model to do it. But the simpler way is to directly use x64dbg to view the address and read the string.
So I will copy the address of the string and directly inspect it in x64dbg to look for this
10 character long string. I go to the dump window and right click and select go to expression.
Then I paste the address in and right away I can see the actual password.
Next we open notepad and write down the password. Now we will test the password. Just run the target
program again and key in the password and we get the congrats message so the password is
confirmed correct. Next, we want OpenClaw to save to its memory, how it communicates with the x64
dbg mcp endpoint so that in future it will remember it. You can use the same prompt that I use.
The principle here is this, whenever OpenClaw did something correctly, tell it to save it to
its memory. This memory is persistent and will survive reboots. For every new mcp connection
using new mcp servers we want open claw to remember it by saving it to memory. Now it has saved the x64
dbg mcp connection to memory. In future if we want it to connect to x64 dbg it will consult its
memory or we can instruct it to check its memory and use the same method to connect to the x64 dbg
mcp server. This way, we can have many different tools in OpenClaw. For example, Ghidra, IDA,
Cutter and so on. Just remember to ask it to save to memory each time you have successfully linked
a tool to OpenClaw. We could ask it to show us the actual file where it saves this memory too.
Now we go to that location and read the files. The main memory file is in the workspace folder
and the session memory files are in the subfolder called memory.
Note that the session memory files are named based on the date.
So this is how we can configure OpenClaw to connect to any new MCP service we have just installed.
That's all for this video. Thanks for watching.